Alerting: Update RBAC documentation with information about alerting (#47858)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/access-control/permissions.md

| `annotations.create`                 | `annotations:*`<br>`annotations:type:*`                                                     | Create annotations.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `annotations.write`                  | `annotations:*`<br>`annotations:type:*`                                                     | Update annotations.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `annotations.delete`                 | `annotations:*`<br>`annotations:type:*`                                                     | Delete annotations.                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `alert.rules:read`                   | `folders:*`<br>`folders:id:*`                                                               | Read Grafana alert rules in a folder. Should be combined with `folders:read` in a scope that includes the folder and `datasources:query` in the scope of data sources the user can query   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.rules:read`                   | `folders:*`<br>`folders:id:*`                                                               | Read Grafana alert rules in a folder. Combine this permission with `folders:read` in a scope that includes the folder and `datasources:query` in the scope of data sources the user can query.   |
```

> | `alert.rules:create`                 | `folders:*`<br>`folders:id:*`                                                               | Create Grafana alert rules in a folder. Should be combined with `folders:read` in a scope that includes the folder and `datasources:query` in the scope of data sources the user can query |                                                                                   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.rules:create`                 | `folders:*`<br>`folders:id:*`                                                               | Create Grafana alert rules in a folder. Combine this permission with `folders:read` in a scope that includes the folder and `datasources:query` in the scope of data sources the user can query. |                                                                                   
```

> | `alert.rules:update`                 | `folders:*`<br>`folders:id:*`                                                               | Update Grafana alert rules in a folder. Should be combined with `folders:read` in a scope that includes the folder and `datasources:query` in the scope of data sources the user can query |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.rules:update`                 | `folders:*`<br>`folders:id:*`                                                               | Update Grafana alert rules in a folder. Combine this permission with `folders:read` in a scope that includes the folder and `datasources:query` in the scope of data sources the user can query. |
```

> | `alert.rules:delete`                 | `folders:*`<br>`folders:id:*`                                                               | Delete Grafana alert rules in a folder. Should be combined with `folders:read` in a scope that includes the folder and `datasources:query` in the scope of data sources the user can query |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.rules:delete`                 | `folders:*`<br>`folders:id:*`                                                               | Delete Grafana alert rules in a folder. Combine this permission with `folders:read` in a scope that includes the folder and `datasources:query` in the scope of data sources the user can query. |
```

> | `alert.rules.external:read`          | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Read alert rules in data sources that support alerting (Prometheus, Mimir and Loki)                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.rules.external:read`          | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Read alert rules in data sources that support alerting (Prometheus, Mimir, and Loki)                                                                                                        |
```

> | `alert.rules.external:read`          | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Read alert rules in data sources that support alerting (Prometheus, Mimir and Loki)                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.rules.external:read`          | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Read alert rules in data sources that support alerting (Prometheus, Mimir, and Loki)                                                                                                        |
```

> | `alert.rules.external:write`         | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Create, update and delete alert rules in data sources that support alerting (Mimir and Loki).                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.rules.external:write`         | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Create, update, and delete alert rules in data sources that support alerting (Mimir and Loki).                                                                                              |
```

| `alert.instances:update`             | n/a                                                                                         | Update and expire silences in the current organization.                                                                                                                                    |
| `alert.instances.external:read`      | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Read alerts and silences in data sources that support alerting.                                                                                                                            |
| `alert.instances.external:write`     | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Manage alerts and silences in data sources that support alerting.                                                                                                                          |

> | `alert.notifications:create`         | n/a                                                                                         | Create templates,contact points, notification policies and mute timings in the current organization.                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.notifications:create`         | n/a                                                                                         | Create templates, contact points, notification policies, and mute timings in the current organization.                                                                                       |
```

> | `alert.notifications:read`           | n/a                                                                                         | Read all templates,contact points, notification policies and mute timings in the current organization.                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.notifications:read`           | n/a                                                                                         | Read all templates, contact points, notification policies, and mute timings in the current organization.                                                                                     |
```

> | `alert.notifications:update`         | n/a                                                                                         | Update templates,contact points, notification policies and mute timings in the current organization.                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.notifications:update`         | n/a                                                                                         | Update templates, contact points, notification policies, and mute timings in the current organization.                                                                                       |
```

> | `alert.notifications:delete`         | n/a                                                                                         | Delete templates,contact points, notification policies and mute timings in the current organization.                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.notifications:delete`         | n/a                                                                                         | Delete templates, contact points, notification policies, and mute timings in the current organization.                                                                                       |
```

> | `alert.notifications.external:read`  | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Read templates,contact points, notification policies and mute timings in data sources that support alerting.                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.notifications.external:read`  | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Read templates, contact points, notification policies, and mute timings in data sources that support alerting.                                                                               |
```

> | `alert.notifications.external:write` | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Manage templates,contact points, notification policies and mute timings in data sources that support alerting.                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alert.notifications.external:write` | `datasources:*`<br>`datasources:uid:*`                                                      | Manage templates, contact points, notification policies, and mute timings in data sources that support alerting.                                                                             |
```
